W-14164266-small-fixes-duke (#194)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/start-acb.adoc

. Accept any terms and conditions for use of Anypoint Platform.
. Click *Launch Cloud IDE*.
+
image::acb-launch-cloud-ide.png["Launch button for the cloud IDE in Anypoint Platform"]
+
After provisioning of your cloud IDE is complete, the IDE opens. The provisioning process can take a few minutes.
+

> Your cloud IDE environment is associated with your user account, which other users cannot access. The cloud environment has a unique URL that only you can access and that is _not_ embedded within the Anypoint Platform UI. You can reopen your cloud IDE directly from that URL or relaunch it indirectly from Anypoint Code Builder in Anypoint Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Your cloud IDE environment is associated with your user account. The cloud environment also has a unique URL that only you can access and that is _not_ embedded within the Anypoint Platform UI. You can reopen your cloud IDE directly from that URL or relaunch it indirectly from Anypoint Code Builder in Anypoint Platform.
```

. Click the MuleSoft icon in the activity bar to see and use Anypoint Code Builder features.

== Log in to Anypoint Platform from the IDE

Some Anypoint Code Builder features require you to log in directly from the IDE to Anypoint Platform. The IDE prompts you when login is necessary and guides you through the login process. However, it is a good practice to log in from the IDE after opening MuleSoft features in the IDE. 

The status bar in the IDE shows your login status:

* *Not logged in to Anypoint Platform* indicates that you must log in to perform tasks that require a connection to Anypoint Platform. 
+

> image::acb-not-logged-in.png[]

Reviewer: alt text

Author: ```suggestion
image::acb-not-logged-in.png["Login status message in the status bar"]
```

+ 

> You can log in by clicking this notification and follow the prompts to log in or follow the 

Author: ```suggestion
You can log in by clicking this notification and following the prompts to log in.
```

* A link to your user name indicates that you are logged in.
+

> You can log out by clicking your user name and following the prmpts.

Author: ```suggestion
You can log out by clicking your user name and following the prompts.
```

> You can also use the command palette to log in to Anypoint Platform. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the Command Palette to log in to Anypoint Platform. 
```

> To log in from the IDE from the command palette:

Author: ```suggestion
To log in from the IDE from the Command Palette:
```

+
. To verify your login, ensure that *<your-username>* replaces *Not logged in to Anypoint Platform*. 

> == Set the Desktop IDE to EU or US Cloud

Author: ```suggestion
== Set the Desktop IDE to the EU or US Cloud
```

In the desktop IDE, you can change your Anypoint Platform control plane to the US or EU Cloud. Anypoint Platform instances do not share user accounts, projects, or other data. For more information, see xref:start-acb.adoc#cloud-hosts[US and UE Cloud Hosts]. 

> . If an API specification is open in the Explorer panel, close the project to avoid a synchronization error when you switch clouds. 

Author: ```suggestion
. If an API specification is open in the Explorer, close the project to avoid a synchronization error when you switch clouds. 
```

+
* Desktop IDE: Select *File* > *Close Folder* 

> * Cloud IDE: Select the menu icon > *File* > *Close Folder* (cloud IDE).

Author: ```suggestion
* Cloud IDE: Select the menu icon > *File* > *Close Folder*
```
